When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

This is handy when you are collaborating on a project, work on a project in
multiple locations, or just want a backup of your project. If you intend on
sharing your code, this makes it easier to do so.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might make changes you're not ready to push to your remote repository yet,
or you might be working on something someone else is working on at the same
time. Working on a file that is constantly updating with someone else's changes
is an unnecessary hassle.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

A fork is specific to GitHub, and is the same as cloning a repository from one
GitHub account to another. A clone is a copy of a repository locally, either
from a remote computer or another local repository. A branch is a copy of a set
of commits in a single repository up to a certain point.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

This allows you to use git diff between the remote and local versions.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

One method is using good communication with the team as to who is doing what and
making sure no one is making changes to the same file. This is easier since
there are no new commands or skills needed to work this way. Its harder since
there is no way to roll back to a previous version unless someone else has an
older version available on their local machine.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach have?

If the master branch is supposed to be the cleanest version of the project,
making changes in a separate branch keeps it that way. When a change is approved
by the team and proven working correctly, it can be added to the master branch
of the project.
